codebook.md, before:

---
title: "Codebook"
author: "Bagadi"
date: "Saturday, July 26, 2014"
output: html_document
---

This is an R Markdown document. Markdown is a simple formatting syntax for authoring HTML, PDF, and MS Word documents. For more details on using R Markdown see <http://rmarkdown.rstudio.com>.

Tidy Dataset column names

"Activity"
"Subject"                             
"mean.tBodyAcc.mean...X." 
"mean.tBodyAcc.mean...Y."              
"mean.tBodyAcc.mean...Z."
"mean.tBodyAcc.std...X."               
"mean.tBodyAcc.std...Y." 
"mean.tBodyAcc.std...Z."               
"mean.tGravityAcc.mean...X."
"mean.tGravityAcc.mean...Y."           
"mean.tGravityAcc.mean...Z." 
"mean.tGravityAcc.std...X."       
"mean.tGravityAcc.std...Y."             
"mean.tGravityAcc.std...Z."            
"mean.tBodyAccJerk.mean...X."           
"mean.tBodyAccJerk.mean...Y."          
"mean.tBodyAccJerk.mean...Z."           
"mean.tBodyAccJerk.std...X."           
"mean.tBodyAccJerk.std...Y."            
"mean.tBodyAccJerk.std...Z."           
"mean.tBodyGyro.mean...X."              
"mean.tBodyGyro.mean...Y."             
"mean.tBodyGyro.mean...Z."              
"mean.tBodyGyro.std...X."              
"mean.tBodyGyro.std...Y."               
"mean.tBodyGyro.std...Z."              
"mean.tBodyGyroJerk.mean...X."          
"mean.tBodyGyroJerk.mean...Y."         
"mean.tBodyGyroJerk.mean...Z."          
"mean.tBodyGyroJerk.std...X."          
"mean.tBodyGyroJerk.std...Y."           
"mean.tBodyGyroJerk.std...Z."          
"mean.tBodyAccMag.mean..."              
"mean.tBodyAccMag.std..."              
"mean.tGravityAccMag.mean..."           
"mean.tGravityAccMag.std..."           
"mean.tBodyAccJerkMag.mean..."          
"mean.tBodyAccJerkMag.std..."          
"mean.tBodyGyroMag.mean..."             
"mean.tBodyGyroMag.std..."             
"mean.tBodyGyroJerkMag.mean..."         
"mean.tBodyGyroJerkMag.std..."         
"mean.fBodyAcc.mean...X."               
"mean.fBodyAcc.mean...Y."              
"mean.fBodyAcc.mean...Z."               
"mean.fBodyAcc.std...X."               
"mean.fBodyAcc.std...Y."                
"mean.fBodyAcc.std...Z."               
"mean.fBodyAcc.meanFreq...X."           
"mean.fBodyAcc.meanFreq...Y."          
"mean.fBodyAcc.meanFreq...Z."           
"mean.fBodyAccJerk.mean...X."          
"mean.fBodyAccJerk.mean...Y."           
"mean.fBodyAccJerk.mean...Z."          
"mean.fBodyAccJerk.std...X."            
"mean.fBodyAccJerk.std...Y."           
"mean.fBodyAccJerk.std...Z."            
"mean.fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq...X."      
"mean.fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq...Y."       
"mean.fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq...Z."      
"mean.fBodyGyro.mean...X."              
"mean.fBodyGyro.mean...Y."             
"mean.fBodyGyro.mean...Z."              
"mean.fBodyGyro.std...X."              
"mean.fBodyGyro.std...Y."               
"mean.fBodyGyro.std...Z."              
"mean.fBodyGyro.meanFreq...X."          
"mean.fBodyGyro.meanFreq...Y."         
"mean.fBodyGyro.meanFreq...Z."          
"mean.fBodyAccMag.mean..."             
"mean.fBodyAccMag.std..."               
"mean.fBodyAccMag.meanFreq..."         
"mean.fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.mean..."      
"mean.fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.std..."      
"mean.fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.meanFreq..."  
"mean.fBodyBodyGyroMag.mean..."        
"mean.fBodyBodyGyroMag.std..."          
"mean.fBodyBodyGyroMag.meanFreq..."    
"mean.fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.mean..."     
"mean.fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.std..."     
"mean.fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.meanFreq..."

Commit message:

added run_analysis.R and Tidy_Avg_dataset.txt files
added two new files

codebook.md, after:

---
title: "Codebook"
author: "Bagadi"
date: "Saturday, July 26, 2014"
output: html_document
---

This is an R Markdown document. Markdown is a simple formatting syntax for authoring HTML, PDF, and MS Word documents. For more details on using R Markdown see <http://rmarkdown.rstudio.com>.

Steps performed:
1. Read both x_data files and kept only std and mean measurements columns.
2. Read subject and activity files from both dir's.
3. cBind all theree datasets
4. replaced activity id's with activity labels
5. Names columns using features file
6. Calculated the means by subject and activity
7. written output files to text file


Tidy Dataset column names

"Activity"
"Subject"                             
"mean.tBodyAcc.mean...X." 
"mean.tBodyAcc.mean...Y."              
"mean.tBodyAcc.mean...Z."
"mean.tBodyAcc.std...X."               
"mean.tBodyAcc.std...Y." 
"mean.tBodyAcc.std...Z."               
"mean.tGravityAcc.mean...X."
"mean.tGravityAcc.mean...Y."           
"mean.tGravityAcc.mean...Z." 
"mean.tGravityAcc.std...X."       
"mean.tGravityAcc.std...Y."             
"mean.tGravityAcc.std...Z."            
"mean.tBodyAccJerk.mean...X."           
"mean.tBodyAccJerk.mean...Y."          
"mean.tBodyAccJerk.mean...Z."           
"mean.tBodyAccJerk.std...X."           
"mean.tBodyAccJerk.std...Y."            
"mean.tBodyAccJerk.std...Z."           
"mean.tBodyGyro.mean...X."              
"mean.tBodyGyro.mean...Y."             
"mean.tBodyGyro.mean...Z."              
"mean.tBodyGyro.std...X."              
"mean.tBodyGyro.std...Y."               
"mean.tBodyGyro.std...Z."              
"mean.tBodyGyroJerk.mean...X."          
"mean.tBodyGyroJerk.mean...Y."         
"mean.tBodyGyroJerk.mean...Z."          
"mean.tBodyGyroJerk.std...X."          
"mean.tBodyGyroJerk.std...Y."           
"mean.tBodyGyroJerk.std...Z."          
"mean.tBodyAccMag.mean..."              
"mean.tBodyAccMag.std..."              
"mean.tGravityAccMag.mean..."           
"mean.tGravityAccMag.std..."           
"mean.tBodyAccJerkMag.mean..."          
"mean.tBodyAccJerkMag.std..."          
"mean.tBodyGyroMag.mean..."             
"mean.tBodyGyroMag.std..."             
"mean.tBodyGyroJerkMag.mean..."         
"mean.tBodyGyroJerkMag.std..."         
"mean.fBodyAcc.mean...X."               
"mean.fBodyAcc.mean...Y."              
"mean.fBodyAcc.mean...Z."               
"mean.fBodyAcc.std...X."               
"mean.fBodyAcc.std...Y."                
"mean.fBodyAcc.std...Z."               
"mean.fBodyAcc.meanFreq...X."           
"mean.fBodyAcc.meanFreq...Y."          
"mean.fBodyAcc.meanFreq...Z."           
"mean.fBodyAccJerk.mean...X."          
"mean.fBodyAccJerk.mean...Y."           
"mean.fBodyAccJerk.mean...Z."          
"mean.fBodyAccJerk.std...X."            
"mean.fBodyAccJerk.std...Y."           
"mean.fBodyAccJerk.std...Z."            
"mean.fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq...X."      
"mean.fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq...Y."       
"mean.fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq...Z."      
"mean.fBodyGyro.mean...X."              
"mean.fBodyGyro.mean...Y."             
"mean.fBodyGyro.mean...Z."              
"mean.fBodyGyro.std...X."              
"mean.fBodyGyro.std...Y."               
"mean.fBodyGyro.std...Z."              
"mean.fBodyGyro.meanFreq...X."          
"mean.fBodyGyro.meanFreq...Y."         
"mean.fBodyGyro.meanFreq...Z."          
"mean.fBodyAccMag.mean..."             
"mean.fBodyAccMag.std..."               
"mean.fBodyAccMag.meanFreq..."         
"mean.fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.mean..."      
"mean.fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.std..."      
"mean.fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.meanFreq..."  
"mean.fBodyBodyGyroMag.mean..."        
"mean.fBodyBodyGyroMag.std..."          
"mean.fBodyBodyGyroMag.meanFreq..."    
"mean.fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.mean..."     
"mean.fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.std..."     
"mean.fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.meanFreq..."
